# supermarket
Analysing the Super Market data using Power BI tool
Dataset description: The growth of supermarkets in most populated cities are increasing and market competitions are also high. The dataset is one of the historical sales of supermarket company which has recorded in 3 different branches for 3 months data. Data analytics methods are easy to apply with this dataset.
Attribute information of dataset: Invoice id: Computer generated sales slip invoice identification number, Branch: Branch of supercenter (3 branches are available identified by A, B and C). City: Location of supercenters, Customer type: Type of customers, recorded by Members for customers using member card and Normal for without member card. Gender: Gender type of customer. Product line: General item categorization groups — Electronic accessories, Fashion accessories, Food and beverages, Health and beauty, Home and lifestyle, Sports and travel. Unit price: Price of each product in $. Quantity: Number of products purchased by customer. Tax: 5% tax fee for customer buying. Total: Total price including tax. Date: Date of purchase (Record available from January 2019 to March 2019). Time: Purchase time (10am to 9pm). Payment: Payment used by customer for purchase (3 methods are available — Cash, Credit card and Ewallet). COGS: Cost of goods sold. Gross margin percentage: Gross margin percentage. Gross income: Gross income. Rating: Customer stratification rating on their overall shopping experience (On a scale of 1 to 10)
Download Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/aungpyaeap/supermarket-sales
GOAL : This project contains a detailed report and dashboard of supermarket sales for the supermarket branches, We answer some questions about branch sales to get data insights. We also create a dashboard for Branch A supermarket sales.
